Add unified spacing utils (#4717)
canonical/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/utilities/vertical-spacing.md

<hr>

> A preferable way to control bottom spacing of an element is using Vanilla pre-defined classes: `.u-sv--shallow`, `.u-sv--regular` and `.u-sv--deep`:

Reviewer: The "preferable" way is still using spacing coming from components, so would be good to reword it a bit.

```suggestion
When desired vertical spacing between sections of the content can't be achieved using the default margins and paddings that are built into components, you can the bottom spacing of an element is using the following spacing utilities: `.u-sv--shallow`, `.u-sv--regular` and `.u-sv--deep`.
```

| Class            | Value                                    |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------- |

> | `.u-sv--shallow` | Increases space by 3 baseline grid units |

Reviewer: I think it would be more useful to define the "value" in rems rather than spacing units. Spacing units make sense in table below (where the number in class name corresponds to number of units directly)

So I think this table here may follow the Figma file in the structure:
<img width="777" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83575/228556826-88c23d7b-7f32-47ad-9b95-436c260f81a9.png">

So let's have "Class" (same as current), "Height" (expressed as rem), and "Use" column that defines when to use each size. I think we can just use the content from Figma (but edit out the parts that refer to other sections of Figma file).

Author: @bartaz , but the `$sp-unit-ratio` is available for overriding, and if somebody does it, these sizes will be changed automatically. So absolute values in rems might be not accurate.

Reviewer: @yurii-vasyliev Good point. I don't think we expect someone to do it, and it may have some breaking consequences if someone does, but still we may take that into account.

On our [spacing documentation](https://vanillaframework.io/docs/settings/spacing-settings) page we mention spacing unit mulitplier and default value, maybe we can do something similar here:

<img width="1129" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83575/228572318-d4e306e7-ed60-468d-bc11-101edeef65c7.png">

So, keep the value expressed by sp-unit, but add a column with default value in rem.

| `.u-sv--regular` | Increases space by 8 baseline grid units |
| `.u-sv--deep`    | Increases space by 12 baseline grid unit |

<div class="embedded-example"><a href="/docs/examples/utilities/vertical-spacing-common/" class="js-example">
View example of the vertical spacing utility
</a></div>

Use `shallow` gap for spacing under siblings within a section.

Use `regular` gap for spacing under each section, spacing under big headings.

Use `deep` gap for spacing reserved for special cases, like making a large heading / CTA stand out, or at the end of the main content of a page, just before the dark footer.

> 

Reviewer: Would be good to have some subheading before the "old" section of the docs.

Maybe something like "More granular spacing adjustments"?
```suggestion

## More granular spacing adjustments
```
